Has television influenced your leisure time over the years?
How is it? Not a great deal, no,
because, you know, we came from a family that really,
as I think I pointed out to you, when you first phoned,
you know, television was not the main thing,
as you see when we're going to some friend's house,
a great big thing stuck on the wall.
But ours was always discreetly put in the corner.
And it had a very nice veneered cabinet, didn't it,
worn with doors.
And for some reason, everyone used to cover them with cloths in those days.
Why was that?
What?
My friend Mum was telling me yesterday, when I was saying you were coming,
her mum always used to put a big cloth over the television at night,
and my mother too, whether they felt that it would keep the picture clearer
or whether to keep the rays away.
And at one time, we were told not to sit within three or four metres of televisions,
weren't we?
But I don't know if that wore them.
It still exists.
We never hear of it now, do we?
Usually the engineers used to advise where to put it and where the seats were when we had one.
But no one's mentioned that lately, have they?